Exporter selection env vars to handle comma separated list (#3523)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/config.md

| Environment variable    | Description                                                                                       | Default value | Status                                                                                                                      |
|-------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: You have some issue with solving conflicts.

| Environment variable    | Description                                                                                       | Default value | Status                                                                                                                      |
|-------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER`  | Traces exporter to be used. The value can be one of the following: `zipkin`, `otlp`, `none`, or a comma-separated list of values.       | `otlp`        | [Stable](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |

Reviewer 2: I propose simply something like

```suggestion
| `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER`  | Comma-separated list of propagators. Supported options: `otlp`, `zipkin`, `none. See [the OpenTelemetry specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.35.0/specification/configuration/sdk-environment-variables.md#exporter-selection) for more details. | `otlp`        | [Stable](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |
```
